1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

Function are mini program that can be executed when called. Therefore we can make a single functions
and call it as much we want without copy pasting the same line of code again and again.

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?

when the function is called

3. What statement creates a function?

def functionName(parameter):

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

A function is a block of code that does stuff.
A function call, calls the function that does stuff to execute it.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.

Global (or module) scope is the top-most scope in a Python program, script, or module.
This Python scope contains all of the names that you define at the top level of a program or a module.
Names in this Python scope are visible from everywhere in your code.

Local (or function) scope is the code block or body of any Python function or lambda expression.
This Python scope contains the names that you define inside the function.
These names will only be visible from the code of the function.
It’s created at function call, not at function definition, so you’ll have as many different local scopes as function calls.
This is true even if you call the same function multiple times, or recursively.
Each call will result in a new local scope being created.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
When a function returns, the local scope is destroyed, and all the variables in it are forgotten.
A new local scope is created whenever a function is called, including when a function is called from another function.

7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

A return values is the value that a function call evaluates.
Yes.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

None

9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

Using global statement.
global variable
in a functions will refer to the global variable

10. What is the data type of None?
The None keyword is used to define a null value, or no value at all.
None is not the same as 0, False, or an empty string. 
 None is a data type of its own (NoneType) and only None can be None.

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
The import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
By using try clause where the error might happen

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
The code that coould cause an error goes in the try clause.
The code that ececutes if an error happens goes in the except clause.

